W-21214043-update-sftp-connector-docs-feedback-sis (#3139)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: sftp/2.6/modules/ROOT/pages/sftp-connector-troubleshooting.adoc

    </sftp:config>
----

[[standard-append-mode-overwrites-or-fails]]
== Standard Append Mode Overwrites or Fails

> When using the `APPEND` write mode, the SFTP connector overwrites the existing file instead of appending data to it, or the operation fails with a generic error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the `APPEND` write mode, SFTP Connector overwrites the existing file instead of appending data to it, or the operation fails with a generic error.
```

> This behavior occurs when the target SFTP server is a legacy system that doesn't support the `SSH_FXF_APPEND` flag. Without this flag, the server cannot natively process a request to append data to an existing file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This behavior occurs when the target SFTP server is a legacy system that doesn't support the `SSH_FXF_APPEND` flag. Without this flag, the server can't natively process a request to append data to an existing file.
```

To resolve this issue:

. In the *Write* operation configuration, set the *Write Strategy* field to `CUSTOM`.

. Set the *Write Mode* field to `CUSTOM_APPEND`.

. Adjust the *Buffer Size for Write Strategy* field. When using `CUSTOM_APPEND`, this field defines the size of the data chunks sent to the server. For legacy servers with high latency or restricted packet sizes, adjusting this value can significantly improve performance and stability.

[NOTE]
====

> The `CUSTOM_APPEND` strategy manually calculates the file offset to ensure data is added to the end of the file. Use this strategy only for legacy servers that do not support the `STANDARD` strategy, as it does not support concurrent writes to the same file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `CUSTOM_APPEND` strategy manually calculates the file offset to ensure data is added to the end of the file. Use this strategy only for legacy servers that don't support the `STANDARD` strategy, as it doesn't support concurrent writes to the same file.
```
